	1. Which rap group was the first to publicly endorse sneakers in their music?
	Public Enemy
	Run-D.M.C. *
	Beastie Boys


2. What was the first sneaker ever mass produced?
Keds *
Converse
Pumas


	3. How many different styles of Air Jordans have been created by Nike since they debuted in 1984?
	18
	25
	30 *


	4. True or False: Nike’s original name was Dimension Six
	TRUE
	FALSE *


5. Which sports moment solidified Reebok pumps as sneakerhead-worthy shoes?
Boston Celtics' Dee Brown pumping his Reeboks before winning the 1991 NBA Slam Dunk Contest. *
Michael Chang's French Open win in 1989, making him the youngest male player to win a Grand Slam singles at the age of 17.
Legendary Atlanta Hawks player Dominique Wilkins starring in the commercial “Reebok Pump 1989."


6. True or False: Rubber-soled shoes were called "sneakers" because they were so quiet, a person wearing them could sneak up on someone.
TRUE *
FALSE


7. In 2010, video producer and fashion designer Vashtie Kola became the first woman to land an iconic sneaker design deal. Which shoe did she design?
Adidas Superstar 2
Nike Air Jordan 2 *
Puma Suede Classic


	8. What cult 80s teen film helped bring Vans into the sneaker culture?
	"Valley Girl"
	"The Breakfast Club"
	"Fast Times at Ridgemont High” *


9. Where can you find the biggest sneaker collection in the world?
Las Vegas *
New York City
Los Angeles


	10. Which sneaker brand garnered the most Instagram follows in 2015?
	Nike
	Adidas *
	Reebok


	11. Why are sneakers typically released on Saturdays?
	because most people get paid on Fridays
	to prevent kids from skipping school to shop for shoes *
	so more people could work the stores to sell shoes


	12. Who are Hiroshi Fujiwara, Tinker Hatfield and Nathan VanHook?
	Sneakerheads with the largest collections
	Collectible Nike sneaker designers *
	Adidas marketing experts


13. True or False: The sneaker brands Puma and Adidas were created out of a brothers’ argument.
TRUE *
FALSE


	14. Who was the first pro basketball player to have a signature shoe designed for them?
	Michael Jordan
	Kareem Abdul-Jabbar *
	Magic Johnson


15. Where can sneakerheads go to see the most historic kicks on display?
San Francisco, Calif.
Miami, Fla.
Toronto, Ontario *


16. In 2006, what shop opened in New York City for sneakerheads?
Flight Club *
Sneaker Heaven
Sneakerhead Central


	17. True or False: Michael Jordan always wanted to sign a shoe deal with Nike.
	TRUE
	FALSE *


	18. What is the largest sneakerhead summit in the world?
	H-Town Sneaker Summit *
	Fresh Out Of The Box
	Sneakercon


19. What’s the name of sneakerheads’ most popular magazine?
Sneakerhead Central
Kicks
Sneaker Freaker *


20. True or False: Sneakerheads have a single resource to help navigate the sneaker market.
TRUE *
FALSE


	21. True or False: Chuck Taylor invented the basketball shoe.
	TRUE 
	FALSE *


	22. If a sneakerhead is someone who's obsessed with sneakers, what is a "hypebeast" sneakerhead?
	A sneakerhead who buys only one brand of shoe
	A sneakerhead who only buys shoes based on buzz around its release *
	A sneakerhead who only talks about the shoes he or she owns


25. According to sneakerheads, what is a “retro” sneaker?
A shoe that was created before 1985
A shoe that looks old and worn out
A shoe that's re-released for sale due to its popularity *


	27. True or False: Michael Jordan was fined $5,000 per game because the black and red Air Jordan Air 1 were not regulation court shoes.
	TRUE *
	FALSE


28. True or False: Sneaker Con is a traveling event for sneaker connoisseurs to buy, sell and trade some of the most sought after footwear on the market. 
TRUE *
FALSE


	29. In 2012, how much did a pair of Nike Air Yeezy II sneakers, designed by rapper Kanye West, sell for on eBay before it went on sale to the public?
	50,000
	25,000
	90,300 *



	30. How long did sneakerheads have to wait for the Nike Air Mags featured in the movie Back to the Future Part II?
	26 years
	22 years *
	10 years


















 




















